Qa/documentation audit (#12)
kaleidoswap/docs: mintlify-docs/extensions/rate/faq.mdx

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="What browsers does Rate support?">
    Rate is available on:
    - Chromium based browsers such as Google Chrome, Brave, Microsoft Edge, and Opera
    - Firefox and Zen Browser
    - Safari has yet to be supported
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Do I need my own node?">
    **Yes.** Rate connects to an RGB Lightning Node (RLN) for core wallet functionality. Without a node connection, you cannot view balances, send, or receive assets.
    
    You can connect to:

>     - A **local node** running on your machine (or use the [desktop application](/desktop-app/wallet/creating-wallet) on a local machine)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - use [Kaleidoswap Desktop App](/desktop-app/wallet/creating-wallet) or run [RGB Lightning Node](https://github.com/RGB-Tools/rgb-lightning-node) on a local machine 
```
